okay well my elemental designs is like
broken hope you get a replacement I'll
put something else in the end of designs
box so i put night before I never tested
properly
yeah baby iowa 6 inch
six items
so let's get around
some articles on us
it doesn't move that great because I'm
not sure really that the limo always is
among these this is the second one you
don't move too much I kind of start
blowing out and start smelling before
they like move be sure x max but it's
the best thing that I've got to replace
it at the moment until i get my jvc back
possibly but even then that stalks these
natural subwoofer ones with a small
magnet better oh god motor yeah are
better than this water with a bigger
magnet so that's what I've got putting
that at the moment just you know just
hope that she got a sub looking this
look
how bad is that that happened when we
try screw it into a hole that was too
small for it and yeah we kind of been
bent it up a bit
stupid medications